Read me update (#153)
AmericanAirlines/Hangar: README.md

If you fork this project, deploy your app using the `Deploy to Heroku` button above, then navigate to the `Deploy` tab of your app in Heroku and configure Continuous Deployment as relevant for your app.

## Github Secrets

> This project uses GitHub Secrets which ensure that certain environment variables are encrypted and secured, and more specifically are used in order to encrypt the upload token used for CodeCov. In order to create a secret for CodeCov, go to the settings tab in your GitHub Repository, and click on the secrets tab. Here you can generate a secret by clicking `New Secret` and adding the secret name in addition to its value. 

Reviewer: Let's keep this more generic so we don't need to edit it a bunch in the future
```suggestion
This project uses GitHub Secrets which ensure that certain environment variables are encrypted and securely stored for use in GitHub Actions. In order to create a secret, go to the settings tab in your GitHub Repository, and click on the secrets tab. Here you can set a secret by clicking `New Secret` and adding the secret name in addition to its value. Within workflows, the values can be utilizes with the following syntax: `${{ secrets.YOUR_SECRET }}`.
```

> The secret in regards to CodeCov should be named `CODECOV_TOKEN`, and the value of this token will be the `Upload Token` generated when linking CodeCov to your Hangar repo. Secret values can also be updated in the secrets tab.

Reviewer: In addition to moving this to a new section, can you provide a bit of context for how to set this up? A link to documentation should be sufficient.

```suggestion
### CodeCov
The secret in used for CodeCov should be named `CODECOV_TOKEN`, and the value of this token will be the `Upload Token` generated when linking CodeCov to your Hangar repo. Secret values can also be updated in the secrets tab.
```

The secret in used for CodeCov should be named `CODECOV_TOKEN`, and the value of this token will be the `Upload Token` generated when linking CodeCov to your Hangar repo. Secret values can also be updated in the secrets tab.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> When using the CodeCov bash uploader with the `-t` option, refer to the token name as `CODECOV_TOKEN`. The token is also referenced in the github workflow as `secrets.CODECOV_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: We don't really need to explain how the GitHub Workflow for codecov works, but I like the idea of explaining how to reference values; I moved that to the section above
```suggestion
```
